fix(code-block): prism client and prerendered syntax highlighting (#1973)
RedHat-UX/red-hat-design-system: .changeset/nasty-wolves-bake.md

---
"@rhds/elements": patch
---

> `<rh-code-block>`: fixed client side and prerendered syntax highlighting via Prism

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`<rh-code-block>`: ensure that syntax colours and styles are applied when the element upgrades
```
